The secret of change is to focus all your energy not on fighting the old but on building the new
Always deliver more than expected
Don’t take too much advice. Most people who have a lot of advice to give — with a few exceptions — generalize whatever they did. Don’t over-analyze everything.  I myself have been guilty of over-thinking problems. Just build things and find out if they work.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts
If you can push through that feeling of being scared, that feeling of taking a risk, really amazing things can happen
Every time we launch a feature, people yell at us.
Be undeniably good. No marketing effort or social media buzzword can be a substitute for that
What do you need to start a business? Three simple things: know your product better than anyone, know your customer, and have a burning desire to succeed
If you can’t feed a team with two pizzas, it’s too large
If people like you, they’ll listen to you, but if they trust you, they’ll do business with you
If you are not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you’ve launched too late
The value of an idea lies in the using of it
Make every detail perfect and limit the number of details to perfect
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
Always look for the fool in the deal. If you don’t find one, it’s you.
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don’t wish it were easier; wish you were better
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning
If you just work on stuff that you like and you’re passionate about, you don’t have to have a master plan with how things will play out.